Marking:
Egon Text Editor works quite differently from other text editing programs,
something that can work differently between each character you will choose to change.
The simplest way to change something text-related is by marking it.
But if you do not mark something,
Egon Text Editor will select automatically for you what it will affect depending on what
tool you're willing to use:
Bold, Italics, underline, text color & text to speech & text twisting function - will choose the entire file
Align right, Align center, Align left - will select the line you're on

Import nontext file:
Egon-Text-Editor will let you import some nontext file types to your text file.
It works by pressing the 'import file' button in the file menu and selecting one
of the files that EgonTE is supporting right now (Excel, CSV, JSON, XML)
and then it will convert it to text and append it to where you are in the Text file.
Local vs. Global file:
Local - a local file is one that is on your computer and will be accessed via a menu
Global - a file that is available on the internet and will be accessed via a link

File bar & Status bar:
The File bar and status bar are two labels at the bottom of the program,
They notify you about two things:
Status bar - number of words & characters that the file has.
File bar - file name, date and time of saving the file, file state, etc.
You can turn off these labels by using Settings.

Search online:
Search Online is a tool that will open a new tab in your default browser,
 and then search by domain.
There is a button called 'copy from file.' It has two possible operations :
1. When text is marked, it will add up to the text box only what is marked
2. When text isn't marked, it will add up to the text box the whole text file

Custom U.I. colors:
There are three options to change the Egon Text Editor's predefined colors
 To your custom ones (aside from text color):
1. Button colors - buttons' background color
2. Menu colors - Menus Background & text colors
3. App colors - text box color, status & file bar colors, toolbar colors,
 frame color, text color (until 1.0.9 version)

Emoji detection:
The emoji detection feature is automatic by default.
But you can still detect emojis by pressing the 'detect emojis' button on the settings menu.

Sort by words/characters:
The new two functions sort values that aren't numbers, but how?
The answer is pretty simple: it uses their ASCII values!

N.L.P. menu:
The N.L.P. menu is attributed to the Natural Language Processor.
that means that the whole menu is about processing the main
text box widget's text and find something based on the command
you pressed on

Top most:
The topmost setting is on the options menu.
When activated, it makes the main window's "z" value the most of any other window.

Connection with OpenAI products:
in the program, you can use OpenAI products, which include ChatGPT & DallE
you connect to them via a login window that requests your OpenAI / Azure-OpenAI keys.
(right now, using environment variables to connect isn't possible,
but I'm planning to add this as well)
after this, a special window will be opened for you for the specific A.I.
You chose.
the main downside to this tool, however, is that OpenAI will want you to pay
for their API usage

Text decorators:
the text decorators are a few styles of huge text using regular text
there are three styles of text: binary, bash, and astrix.
the tool is compatible with outputting a result both in vertical and horizontal formats,
the tools allow you to convert text directly from the main text box widget
or even use its own text box widget,
and also allows you to paste directly to the main text box widget.

Text twisting functions
Text twisting functions are a new term I made up to describe the functions that
change the order of some parts of the text in a very straightforward way that does not benefit the structure
but are still fun to play with from time to time.
They are located at the bottom of the edit menu.
The text twisting functions are - reverse characters/words, join words, upper / lower, and sort by characters/words.

Dev mode:
The dev mode can be activated via options, and when activated, it will let you access the record function

Record:
the record function is a function that keeps track of the main events that have occurred in the app and when you
open the tool, and the events will be written in an organized manner with time and ways to different lines

Special tools option:
The "special tool" option is a new option in the options menu that is activated by default,
So what happens when you turn it off?
The thing that will happen is that you will no longer have access to the tools and colors+ menus.

Tools' font:
Why are some tools' fonts bold while others are not?
Some tools' font is bold, while others are not because it indicates the tools that are the finest and most original.

IDE:
If the program detects that you are using a Python file, it will add a few new options.
1. run the code directly from the program
2. the main text box will share its place now with a console
3. there will be a few new options to ease your usage

Saved settings:
Now there is a saved settings - saving most of the program options.
It works by using a saved file in your E.T.E. directory.
You can reset all the options via the advanced options window -> restore defaults.
if the worst happens, the saved settings file will cause some 
problems to the program to open/work, there will be a special
window that will ask for your permission to delete and create 
a new default file instead.

Night modeS:
in the program, there are two-night modes;
one that is using mainly blue colors and one
that uses mainly black colors (the original one)
you can change what kind of night mode you want via
the advanced settings, and the program will save this setting.
The default one is the black "Dracula" night mode
In addition, the windows that are affected by night mode are:
main "EgonTE" window, advance option window, and help & patch
notes "information" window

Opening sentence:
If the program doesn't automatically open your last saved file in
At the beginning, it will write a sentence for you when it first opens,
there are two possible outcomes for this;
sentences I wrote for you, or sentences from special individuals there
are taken by an API that is pleasantly shown to you.
in addition, you can access the API and get a sentence directly in the
main text box with the "inspirational quote" function in the tools menu

Random name:
if, for some reason, you need to generate a random name
the program got you,
the program contains a random name function that works
with a great library that was made for this specific reason as well.
when first opening the tool, you can generate names randomly
as soon as you open it, but there is more;
besides copying the name and re-rolling it, there is
An advanced re-rolling option:
you can choose the gender and the part of the name that you want
to get

Dictionary/Wikipedia:
Expanding your knowledge is always a great thing.
That is why the program also contains the Dictionary/Wikipedia tools.
You can find these tools in the tools menu.
you can search with a term and get the result in the
tools' text box, you have a button to directly paste it to
the main (E.T.E.) text box.
if you are using the Wikipedia tool only, you have a filtering option with many
options based on what part of the Wiki page you want.

Generate sequence:
The generate sequence function can be accessed through the tool menu.
the usage of the function is controlled with a small window,
in this window, you can determine the number of characters and the ability to include or exclude symbols,
the final button is the one that is used to generate the characters

Correct writing:
The correct writing is a function that is accessed through the edit menu.
the function takes the text that you wrote and replaces it with a correct 
version made by a corrector from a library.
important note: it isn't recommended to try this when you wrote everything
just fine because it can confuse and think that you meant to write
other word

Calculator tool bonus U.I.:
The calculator tool has a bonus U.I.:
you can use numbers buttons and clear buttons that will open on the left of the window with the bottom button "Calculator U.I.",
and now, when you are opening "show expression" frame - you can press them to add the expression to the entry

Youtube transcript:
The program has transcript functions;
YouTube transcript, and W.A.V. file transcript.
while the filed transcript is still W.I.P., the YouTube transcript
is finished,
The YouTube transcript function works by giving the program
the video's I.D. (what comes at the end of the link) -
and from then, the program will open a pretty fancy text box
that will give you info about the things that are spoken, the start time, and the iteration
of things

Library installer:
the library installer is a tool that will open up when not all of
the required libraries are installed.
from there, you can install them and additionally install the optional libraries
and upgrade pip.
When the process is done, it will tell you how many libraries have failed to installed, and the install button will be replaced with the restart button.

Search tools:
The search tools are the "find text" tool and the U.I. at the bottom of the "knowledge window",
The tools have an "automatic" text box to search the term that will search to matching terms count and will let you use the following navigation tools: down, reset, tag/untag all occurrences
In addition, the "find text" tool has a bonus feature in the interface of an interactive list that has all the most written terms in it.

Shortcuts:
Main window:
control + o = open file
control + s = save file
control + n = new file
alt + f4 = close the app
control + a = select all text
control + b = bold text
control + i = italics text
control + u = underline text
control + l = align text left
control + e = align text center
control + r = align text right
control + p = print file
control + delete = clear text
control + f = find text tool
control + h = replace text
control + g = go to (text item)
control + shift+ j = join words
control + shift+ u = lower / upper text
control + shift+ r = reverse characters
control + shift+ c = reverse words
alt + d = copy file path name
control + plus = font size up
control + minus= font size down
F5 = output current datetime
F11 = fullscreen mode

Tools:
(drawing tool)
arrow keys: move the drawing around the screen
control + . = pen size up (alt via settings = mouse wheel up)
control + , = pen size down (alt via settings = mouse wheel down)
(Wikipedia tool - image mode)
control + . = move image forwards
control + , = move image backwards

Default settings:
cursor = xterm
style = clam
relief = ridge
word warp = true
night mode type = Dracula
night mode = false
autosave = true
status bar = true (on)
toolbar = true (on)
reader mode = false
transparency = 100% (completely off)
open last file = false
text twisters - remove newline and space (for some of the functions) = false

Pydictionary import error:
If the library installer fails to download Pydictionary, it is probably because it is using Python 2 code in Python 3. To fix this, write this in the terminal instead: pip install -e git+https://github.com/yeahwhat-mc/goslate#egg=goslate
